Add certificate check and remove mentions of local server checks (#83)
flexiblepower/s2-documentation: website/s2-connect/discovery-pairing-authentication.md

| Check | How to proceed if check fails |
| --- | --- |
| [Check TLS certificate](#certificate-validation) (with exemption of authenticity) | Pairing is failed, do not proceed with the pairing attempt |

> The fingerprint of TLS certificate must be stored for later check.

Author: ```suggestion
If the root certificate is self-signed and there is no pinned certificate for this domain name, the fingerprint of TLS certificate must be stored for later check.
```

### Updating the certificates
A server can update its leaf certificate. When a cloud server updates its certificate, it **MUST** be signed by a CA, so a client can check its validity. A server **SHOULD** update its server certificate at least once every 6 months.

If the server is deployed in the LAN, and thus uses a self-signed root certificate, the root certificate **SHOULD** be created with a validity period which is long enough for the expected lifetime of the server (or the device that hosts the server). If the used crypto for the the CA certificate is broken, or the lifetime of the server is longer than the validity of the certificate, the server **MUST** create a new self-signed CA certificate and all clients need to be paired again. Like cloud servers, a local server **SHOULD** update its leaf certificate at least once every 6 months.

### Certificate validation
Certificate checks are mentioned several times in this specification. The check consists of these parts:

> - Authenticity: In case of a WAN server, is the certificate issued by a trusted CA (using the chain of trust)? In case of a LAN server, is the root certificate the same as during the pairing?

Author: ```suggestion
- Authenticity: In case of a WAN server, is the certificate issued by a trusted CA (using the chain of trust)? For a LAN server, is the root certificate pinned to the server’s domain name?
```

- Domain name validation: has the certificate been issued for the (local) domain name of the server?
- Expiration data: has the certificate not been expired?
- Integrity: Has the certificate not been tampered with? This is verified by checking whether the signature is valid.

> - Security check: has an allowed crypto algorithm been used? See the section on [Cipher suites](#cipher-suites).

Author: ```suggestion
- Cryptography check: has an allowed crypto algorithm been used? See the section on [Cipher suites](#cipher-suites).
```
